docs: Document the Stage merge feature (#849)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/stages/stages.rst

.. vale off

Merging Stages
**************

.. vale on

If two Stages serve the same purpose, you can merge one into the other. Merging moves every Contact from the merged Stage into the Stage you choose, transfers the related Stage history, and then permanently deletes the merged Stage.

> To merge a Stage, you need both edit and delete permissions for Stages. If you're missing either one, the merge action doesn't appear.

Reviewer: Replace 'action' with the word of real component (button, etc.) that user sees on UI.

#. Navigate to the **Stages** section in the left side menu.

> #. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then open its actions menu.

Author: Documented the Stage merge workflow from this PR. The dual edit+delete permission requirement comes from `StageController.php` `mergeAction`; the action button, modal, and 'Choose a stage to merge into' dropdown come from `list.html.twig`, `merge.html.twig`, and `StageMergeType.php`; the reassign-Contacts-and-history-then-delete behavior and the irreversibility warning come from `StageModel::stageMerge()`; and the 'was successfully merged into' confirmation comes from `flashes.ini`.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/15399

#. Select **Merge Stage**.

> #. In the 'Merging current stage' window, use the 'Choose a stage to merge into' dropdown to select the target Stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the **Merging current stage** window, use the **Choose a stage to merge into** dropdown to select the target Stage.
```

> #. Select **Merge** to complete the merge, or **Cancel** to close the window without making any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

#. Navigate to the **Stages** section in the left side menu.
#. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then open its actions menu.
#. Select **Merge Stage**.
#. In the 'Merging current stage' window, use the 'Choose a stage to merge into' dropdown to select the target Stage.
#. Select **Merge** to complete the merge, or **Cancel** to close the window without making any changes.

.. vale on
```

> Mautic confirms the merge with the message 'Stage 'name' was successfully merged into 'target''.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mautic confirms the merge with the message **Stage 'name' was successfully merged into 'target'**.
```

.. vale off

Merging Stages
**************

.. vale on

If two Stages serve the same purpose, you can merge one into the other. Merging moves every Contact from the merged Stage into the Stage you choose, transfers the related Stage history, and then permanently deletes the merged Stage.

> Merging a Stage requires both edit and delete permissions for Stages. Without both, the **Merge Stage** option doesn't appear in the actions menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging a Stage requires both edit and delete permissions for Stages. Without both, the **Merge Stage** doesn't appear in the **Options** menu.
```

.. vale off

#. Navigate to the **Stages** section in the left side menu.

> #. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then open its actions menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then click the three-dots icon to open the **Options** menu.
```

> #. Select **Merge Stage**.

Reviewer: Add below image after this bullet point.

<img width="2030" height="1073" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/066fea78-f68b-4974-a4fc-4a27c341ffe5" />

- Name it: merge_stage_option.png
- Add descriptive alt text. Don't start with "Screenshot of" or anything similar.

.. vale off

Merging Stages
**************

.. vale on

> If two Stages serve the same purpose, you can merge one into the other. Merging moves every Contact from the merged Stage into the Stage you choose, transfers the related Stage history, and then permanently deletes the merged Stage.
> 
> Merging a Stage requires both edit and delete permissions for Stages. Without both, the **Merge Stage** doesn't appear in the **Options** menu.
> 
> .. vale off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging a Stage requires both edit and delete permissions for Stages. Without both, the **Merge Stage** doesn't appear in the **Options** menu.

To merge Stages:

.. vale off
```

> #. Navigate to the **Stages** section in the left side menu.
> #. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then click the three-dots icon to open the **Options** menu.
> #. Select **Merge Stage**.
> 
>    .. image:: images/merge_stage_option.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: Options menu open on a Stage row showing Edit, Clone, Merge Stage, and Delete, with Merge Stage highlighted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select **Merge Stage**.

   |

   .. image:: images/merge_stage_option.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Options menu open on a Stage row showing Edit, Clone, Merge Stage, and Delete, with Merge Stage highlighted
```

   |

#. In the **Merging current stage** window, use the **Choose a stage to merge into** dropdown to select the target Stage.
#. Select **Merge** to complete the merge, or **Cancel** to close the window without making any changes.

.. vale on

.. image:: images/merge-stage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Merge Stage window with a target Stage selected

> |

Reviewer: There are a couple of things:

- The image is part of the ordered list. So, we need to fix the indentation. 
- We use underscore instead of dash for image name. Change the image name to `merge_stage.png`.

```suggestion
   |
   
   .. image:: images/merge-stage.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Merge Stage window with a target Stage selected

   |
   
.. vale on
```

.. vale off

Merging Stages
**************

.. vale on

If two Stages serve the same purpose, you can merge one into the other. Merging moves every Contact from the merged Stage into the Stage you choose, transfers the related Stage history, and then permanently deletes the merged Stage.

Merging a Stage requires both edit and delete permissions for Stages. Without both, the **Merge Stage** doesn't appear in the **Options** menu.

To merge Stages:

.. vale off

#. Navigate to the **Stages** section in the left side menu.
#. Find the Stage you want to merge into another, and then click the three-dots icon to open the **Options** menu.
#. Select **Merge Stage**.

   |

   .. image:: images/merge_stage_option.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Options menu open on a Stage row showing Edit, Clone, Merge Stage, and Delete, with Merge Stage highlighted

   |

> #. In the **Merging current stage** window, use the **Choose a stage to merge into** dropdown to select the target Stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the **Merging current stage** dialog, use the **Choose a stage to merge into** dropdown to select the target Stage.
```

> #. Select **Merge** to complete the merge, or **Cancel** to close the window without making any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select **Merge** to complete the merge, or **Cancel** to close the dialog without making any changes.
```

   |

   .. image:: images/merge_stage.png
      :align: center

>       :alt: Merge Stage window with a target Stage selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :alt: Merge Stage dialog with a target Stage selected
```
